Add Vercel guide to cookbooks (#2523)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/cookbooks/vercel.mdx

Click on **Continue**. It will display the list of rights the integration needs to work properly, you can then click on **Add Integration**.

Next, it will take you to the Meilisearch Cloud page. Log in or create an account. New accounts enjoy a 14-day free trial period.

You can choose an existing project or create a new one. To do so, complete the form with the project name and the region.

![Meilisearch Cloud form to create a project complete, with "search-app" as the project's name and "Frankfurt" as the region](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/meilisearch/documentation/main/assets/images/vercel/05.create-a-meilisearch-cloud-project-form.png)

Once you click on **Create project**, you should see the following message:
“Your Meilisearch + Vercel integration is one click away from being completed.” and a button to finish the setup. On clicking the button, it should redirect you to the integration page in your Vercel Dashboard.

![Meilisearch Cloud integration page in Vercel's dashboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/meilisearch/documentation/main/assets/images/vercel/06.meilisearch-cloud-integration-page-in-vercel-dashboard.png)

> Meilisearch creates two default API keys: [`Default Search API Key` and `Default Admin API Key`](/learn/security/master_api_keys#using-default-api-keys-for-authorization). With the `Default Admin API Key`, you can control who can access or create new documents, indexes, or change the configuration. The `Default Search API Key` can only be used to access the [search route](/reference/api/search). It is the one you want to use in your front end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meilisearch creates two default API keys: [`Default Search API Key` and `Default Admin API Key`](/learn/security/master_api_keys#using-default-api-keys-for-authorization). 

Use the `Default Admin API Key`, to control who can access or create new documents, indexes, and change index settings. Be careful with the admin key and avoid exposing it in public environments.

Use the `Default Search API Key` to access the [search route](/reference/api/search). This is the one you want to use in your front end.
```

> Both keys are automatically added to Vercel along with the Meilisearch host or URL.

Reviewer: Is there a difference between host and URL here? If not, I recommend using just one.

> You can now go back to your project settings and check the new Meilisearch Environment Variables:

Reviewer: Prefer imperative over "you can [do X]". Using lowercase for environment variables to keep it consistent with the rest of the docs.

```suggestion
Go back to your project settings and check the new Meilisearch environment variables:
```

- `MEILISEARCH_ADMIN_KEY`
- `MEILISEARCH_URL`
- `MEILISEARCH_SEARCH_KEY`

![Display the environment variables in the project settings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/meilisearch/documentation/main/assets/images/vercel/07.project-settings-environment-variables-tab.png)

> The master key–which hasn’t been added to Vercel–grants users full control over an instance, you can find it in your project’s overview on your [Meilisearch Cloud dashboard](https://cloud.meilisearch.com/projects/). Read more about [Meilisearch security](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/learn/security/master_api_keys).

Reviewer: This paragraph feels disconnected from the what came before and what comes after. If you want to keep it, give it a bit more context so the user knows what they should do with this key.

If the goal information about an important aspect of Meilisearch security without necessarily integrating it into the regular flow of the guide, consider wrapping it in a `<Capsule></Capsule>` component.

```suggestion
The master key–which hasn’t been added to Vercel–grants users full control over an instance. You can find it in your project’s overview on your [Meilisearch Cloud dashboard](https://cloud.meilisearch.com/projects/). Read more about [Meilisearch security](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/learn/security/master_api_keys).
```

![Meilisearch Cloud dashboard: overview of the "search-app" project](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/meilisearch/documentation/main/assets/images/vercel/08.meilisearch-cloud-dashboard.png)

> From your [Meilisearch Cloud dashboard](https://cloud.meilisearch.com/projects/), you can easily index your documents and manage your settings. 
> We also provide a big set of [SDKs and tools](/learn/what_is_meilisearch/sdks), so you can use Meilisearch in your favorite language or framework. Check out our [quick start guide](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/learn/getting_started/quick_start#add-documents).
> 
> You are now ready to [start searching]((/reference/api/search))!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [Meilisearch Cloud dashboard](https://cloud.meilisearch.com/projects/), to index  documents and manage your project settings.

Check out the [quick start guide](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/learn/getting_started/quick_start#add-documents) for a short introduction on how to use Meilisearch. We also provide many [SDKs and tools](/learn/what_is_meilisearch/sdks), so you can use Meilisearch in your favorite language or framework. 

You are now ready to [start searching]((/reference/api/search))!
```

# Integrate Meilisearch Cloud with Vercel

> In this guide you will learn how to link a Meilisearch Cloud instance to your Vercel project.

Reviewer 2: > Meilisearch Cloud

Add link to https://meilisearch.com/cloud with UTM tracking

> Getting a Meilisearch Cloud instance created and linked to your Vercel projects has never been easier. 

Reviewer 2: I would go for a "This page will teach you how to xxx" type of intro

## Introducing our tools

### What is Vercel?

[Vercel](https://vercel.com/) is a cloud platform for building and deploying web applications. It works out of the box with most popular web development tools.

### What is Meilisearch Cloud?

> [Meilisearch Cloud](https://www.meilisearch.com/cloud) is a cloud-based SaaS platform, built on top of the Meilisearch open-source search engine.

Reviewer 2: > cloud based SaaS platform, built on top of meilisearch oss search engine

This is very descriptive. Can we make it more "marketingy", like a few keywords that recaps the main stengthes of the cloud

> [Meilisearch Cloud](https://www.meilisearch.com/cloud) is a cloud-based SaaS platform, built on top of the Meilisearch open-source search engine. It offers a managed search service that is scalable, reliable, and designed to meet the needs of all companies

Reviewer 2: i think you can remove the "is a cloud-based saas platform, built on top of the meilisearch oss engine"

ie. "[Meilisearch Cloud](https://www.meilisearch.com/cloud) offers a managed search service that is scalable, reliable, and designed to meet the needs of all companies"

(missing period at the end of your sentence)

Reviewer 2: also update add UTM params!

## Integrate Meilisearch into your Vercel project

### Create and deploy a Vercel project

From your Vercel dashboard, create a new project. You can create a project from a template, or import a Git repository.

![Create a new project on Vercel dashboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/meilisearch/documentation/main/assets/images/vercel/01.create-new-project-on-vercel-dashboard.png)

Select your project, then click on **Deploy**. Once deployment is complete, go back to your project’s dashboard. 

### Add the Meilisearch Cloud integration

Go to the project settings tab and click on **Integrations** on the sidebar menu to the left of your screen.

![Selecting the integration tab in the project settings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/meilisearch/documentation/main/assets/images/vercel/02.project-settings-integrations-tab.png)

Search for the [Meilisearch Cloud integration](https://vercel.com/integrations/meilisearch-cloud) in the search bar. Click on the **Add integration** button.

<Capsule intent="warning">

> Meilisearch Cloud integration is currently in the beta phase. It's not accessible via Vercel's marketplace search at this time.  However, you can conveniently access the integration by visiting the dedicated [Meilisearch Cloud integration page](https://vercel.com/integrations/meilisearch-cloud) directly.

Reviewer 2: I would make it shorter:

> Meilisearch integration is currently not accessible via Vercel's marketplace search. You can access the integration directly by visiting the [Meilisearch integration page](https://vercel.com/integrations/meilisearch-cloud).

if you want to write "meilisearch cloud integration" you can go for it, but i feel like "meilisearch integration" is more impactful

Once you click on **Create project**, you should see the following message: “Your Meilisearch + Vercel integration is one click away from being completed.” Click "Finish the Vercel integration setup". Meilisearch will then redirect you back to the Vercel integration page.

![Meilisearch integration page in Vercel's dashboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/meilisearch/documentation/main/assets/images/vercel/06.meilisearch-cloud-integration-page-in-vercel-dashboard.png)

### Understand and use Meilisearch API keys

Meilisearch creates two default API keys: [`Default Search API Key` and `Default Admin API Key`](/learn/security/master_api_keys#using-default-api-keys-for-authorization). 

#### Admin API key

Use the `Default Admin API Key`, to control who can access or create new documents, indexes, and change index settings. Be careful with the admin key and avoid exposing it in public environments.

#### Search API key

Use the `Default Search API Key` to access the [search route](/reference/api/search). This is the one you want to use in your front end.

Both keys are automatically added to Vercel along with the Meilisearch URL.

<Capsule intent="tip">

> The master key–which hasn’t been added to Vercel–grants users full control over an instance. You can find it in your project’s overview on your [Meilisearch Cloud dashboard](https://cloud.meilisearch.com/projects/). Read more about [Meilisearch security](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/learn/security/master_api_keys).

Reviewer 2: Add UTM params on link to cloud

</Capsule>

### Review your project settings

Go back to your project settings and check the new Meilisearch environment variables:
- `MEILISEARCH_ADMIN_KEY`
- `MEILISEARCH_URL`
- `MEILISEARCH_SEARCH_KEY`

![Display the environment variables in the project settings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/meilisearch/documentation/main/assets/images/vercel/07.project-settings-environment-variables-tab.png)

## Take advantage of the Meilisearch Cloud dashboard

![Meilisearch Cloud dashboard: overview of the "search-app" project](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/meilisearch/documentation/main/assets/images/vercel/08.meilisearch-cloud-dashboard.png)

> Use the [Meilisearch Cloud dashboard](https://cloud.meilisearch.com/projects/), to index  documents and manage your project settings.

Reviewer 2: UTM params

> Use the [Meilisearch Cloud dashboard](https://cloud.meilisearch.com/projects/?utm_campaign=oss&utm_source=docs&utm_medium=vercel-integration), to index  documents and manage your project settings.

Reviewer 3: There is an extra spacing after `to index`

## Resources and next steps

> Check out the [quick start guide](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/learn/getting_started/quick_start#add-documents) for a short introduction on how to use Meilisearch. We also provide many [SDKs and tools](/learn/what_is_meilisearch/sdks), so you can use Meilisearch in your favorite language or framework. 

Reviewer 2: why is this link to docs absolute instead of relative?

Author: Good catch, it must have slipped
